massachusetts institute of technology
all right let's go right now we're
walking in the gillian court
this is where students come sunbathe or
they host a lot of events here
and what you see behind me is actually
the most
recognized view of mit the great dome
this is where the engineering library is
and where a lot of the laboratories are
so we're gonna go check that out let's
go
admissions office right here this is
where hopefully we can finesse
a degree into mit
so the best thing about mit is that
there's
so much iq concentrated in one
area and that's what's happening down
there today they have like a science
fair
uh end of term project basically it's a
showcase
of what have they done for the whole
semester
there's just so much sharing of
knowledge i love it i love it
[Music]
so right now we're about to enter the
dome
library which is a famous engineering
library
all right we gotta be quiet so no
talking
[Music]
so
all right so right now
we are actually entering stata center
this is basically like the magic castle
of
mit all right like come walk with me so
static is actually home to the labs for
computer science artificial intelligence
and information and decision systems so
a lot of research is done here
this building is probably like the most
unique looking one i call it the magic
castle because it's like yellow and it's
like round and everything
oh my god this is amazing
look at this wow this this would be a
good
instagram photo right here
this building is just filled with these
like inventions basically
so most people don't show you this
during campus course
but during our campus crawl i'll show
you this this is a typical classroom
a seminar room at mit come on in
all right it's pretty simple basically
just table
and white board and a big projector you
know classrooms are all the same
no matter where you go so we just came
out of the startup building mit campus
is huge there's like 30 to
50 different buildings now we'll show
you the media labs
you're like a 360 around you
[Music]
this is the media lab it looks
like a modern museum because it's
actually infused with the
list art museum what do they do here
there's basically like 25
different research groups that work on
like 350 different
research projects everything from how
children learn
neuroscience electric cars and stuff
it's very cool
and at the bottom it's free for anyone
to enter
it's kind of like a museum
i think the media lab is honestly
probably the coolest part
of mit because this is where all the
learning
comes into reality in terms of these
projects
people create stuff here they're
utilizing their knowledge
and that's what i love all these things
are so freaking cool
i feel inspired being in this place
[Music]
the best part about mit is it's right
beside
the ocean you get a whole view of boston
so when you're tired of coding
or building robots you can just come for
a light walk
[Music]
it is truly beautiful so it's downtown
over there
as you can see the downtown area right
there
[Music]
oh man this is beautiful
so mit is actually open campus but it
feels like an enclosed community it has
that
campus feel because everyone here is
either
professors or students and chinese
tourists
but chinese tourists they're mainly in
the main building
where the dome is that's literally a
bunny on campus
that's so cute i wanna kill
no bunny no now we're in the mcdermott
court which is named after mr and miss
eugene mcdermott which made a lasting
contribution to the arts at mit
because as you can see behind me that's
called the big sale or in french it's
called
le grand vol excuse my pronunciation
it's 40 feet tall and 35 hearts the
parts were created in france but then
assembled here
in cambridge massachusetts this is just
one of many sculptures
at mit because in addition to the
sciences
they also care about the arts design
and practicality and that's how you
create
a good product
[Music]
so i met a friend ingrid hello you lived
here i lived here
junior year yeah wow what was dormer
life like um dorm life
so there's like west campus and there's
east campus side dorms yeah
um and so this is itself it's called
east campus i used to live in that dorm
and then i lived in this storm yeah
eastside is kind of like
counter culture i guess so it's like
much more artsy oh okay and then west
campus is more of what you think of when
you think of like your stereotypical
uh dorm so this is more chill
yeah it's definitely much more chill so
you guys didn't have crazy parties here
um where we're going
for university all right no worries the
big man told me you're coming
all right thank you thank you man
all right come in they don't really look
at you
oh nice you painted that
holy that was amazing
[Laughter]
i don't think animals like me the rabbit
ran away from me too
oh wow that was a long tour
but i think every part was just as
exciting
as the previous oh comment below what
your favorite thing was
and something that you learned today
well
i am from hafu university exchanging at
the top universities in the world with
campus crawl i hope you come along and
crawl with me next time
and click subscribe if you want more of
these videos
that's it for today i'll see you at
harvard next time
peace